Update GraphQL docs for Java SDK (#7647)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/java/common/configuration/integrations/graphql.mdx

## Install

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle Plugin}
plugins {
  id "io.sentry.jvm.gradle" version "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.12.0') }}"
}
```

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle}
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-graphql:{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}'
```

```xml {tabTitle:Maven}
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
    <artifactId>sentry-graphql</artifactId>
    <version>{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}</version>
</dependency>
```

```scala {tabTitle: SBT}
libraryDependencies += "io.sentry" % "sentry-graphql" % "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}"
```

For other dependency managers, check out the [central Maven repository](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.sentry/sentry-graphql).

## Setup

Create a new instance of `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler`, pass the delegate that handles the exception, and configure `defaultDataFetcherExceptionHandler` when building a `GraphQL` instance.
Create a new instance of `SentryInstrumentation` and configure `instrumentation` when building a `GraphQL` instance.

> You may want to filter some of the errors by using `beforeSend` or an `EventProcessor` (see <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filters</PlatformLink>).

Author: Thanks :-)

Hmm this one I'm not sure about. You need to provide both `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler` and `SentryInstrumentation` after the latest changes.

GraphQL graphQL = GraphQL.newGraphQL(...)
    // ...
    .defaultDataFetcherExceptionHandler(sentryExceptionHandler)
    .instrumentation(new SentryInstrumentation(
      // If you're not using our Spring integration, please provide NoOpSubscriptionHandler.getInstance() instead.
      new SentrySpringSubscriptionHandler(),
      // Set this to false when using Spring WebMVC
      true
    ))
    .build();
```

```kotlin
import graphql.GraphQL
import graphql.execution.SimpleDataFetcherExceptionHandler
import io.sentry.graphql.SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler
import io.sentry.graphql.SentryInstrumentation

val defaultExceptionHandler = SimpleDataFetcherExceptionHandler()
val sentryExceptionHandler = SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler(defaultExceptionHandler)

val graphql = GraphQL.newGraphQL()
  .defaultDataFetcherExceptionHandler(sentryExceptionHandler)
	.instrumentation(SentryInstrumentation(
    // If you're not using our Spring integration, please provide NoOpSubscriptionHandler.getInstance() instead.
    SentrySpringSubscriptionHandler(),
    // Set this to false when using Spring WebMVC
    true
  ))
  .build()
```

<Note>

> If you've been using the now deprecated `SentryDataFetcherExceptionHandler`, please upgrade to `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler` and also make sure `SentryInstrumentation` is configured to have more exceptions captured, more detailed exceptions, breacrumbs and better hub propagation. You may want to filter some of the errors by using `beforeSend` or an `EventProcessor` (see <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filters</PlatformLink>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SentryDataFetcherExceptionHandler` has been deprecated. Please upgrade to `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler` and make sure `SentryInstrumentation` is configured to have more exceptions captured, more detailed exceptions, breadcrumbs, and better hub propagation. You may want to filter  the errors by using `beforeSend` or an `EventProcessor` (read more about <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filters</PlatformLink>).
```

This seems like a daunting list of thing to "make sure of..." do you think it's clear to users why they need to do this and how to do it? If not, maybe we can write a separate section about it?

Author: It's just meant as a side note for people who already used our GraphQL integration before the latest changes. This should put them on the right track to upgrade plus some reasons why in case they missed the changelog entry.

</Note>

## Capture Performance

> Capturing transactions requires that you first <PlatformLink to="/performance/">set up performance monitoring</PlatformLink> if you haven't already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to capture transactions, you have to first <PlatformLink to="/performance/">set up performance monitoring</PlatformLink>.
```

### Modify or Drop Spans

> Spans created around requests can be modified (by returning a modified Span) or dropped (by returning `null`) using `SentryInstrumentation.BeforeSpanCallback` passed to `SentryInstrumentation`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spans created around requests can be modified by returning a modified Span, or dropped by returning `null`, using `SentryInstrumentation.BeforeSpanCallback` passed to `SentryInstrumentation`:
```

## Install

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle Plugin}
plugins {
  id "io.sentry.jvm.gradle" version "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.12.0') }}"
}
```

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle}
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-graphql:{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}'
```

```xml {tabTitle:Maven}
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
    <artifactId>sentry-graphql</artifactId>
    <version>{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}</version>
</dependency>
```

```scala {tabTitle: SBT}
libraryDependencies += "io.sentry" % "sentry-graphql" % "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.graphql', '6.28.0') }}"
```

For other dependency managers, check out the [central Maven repository](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.sentry/sentry-graphql).

## Setup

Create a new instance of `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler`, pass the delegate that handles the exception, and configure `defaultDataFetcherExceptionHandler` when building a `GraphQL` instance.

> Create a new instance of `SentryInstrumentation` and configure `instrumentation` when building a `GraphQL` instance:

Author: - [ ] Link to filtering docs
Came up in https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/discussions/2897

import graphql.GraphQL

val graphql = GraphQL.newGraphQL()
  // ...
  .instrumentation(SentryInstrumentation({ span: ISpan, env: DataFetchingEnvironment, result: Any? ->
    if ("/shows" == env.executionStepInfo.path.segmentToString()) {
      span.setTag("tag-name", "tag-value")
    }
    span
  }, SentrySpringSubscriptionHandler(), true))
  .build()
```

> ## Using with Netflix DGS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use with Netflix DGS
```

> [Netflix DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs) automatically detects and configures `Instrumentation` and `DataFetcherExceptionHandler` beans. To use Sentry GraphQL integration, create `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler` and `SentryInstrumentation` beans:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Netflix DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs) automatically detects and configures `Instrumentation` and `DataFetcherExceptionHandler` beans. To use the Sentry GraphQL integration, create `SentryGenericDataFetcherExceptionHandler` and `SentryInstrumentation` beans:
```
